rtm-api: add support for custom webClient (#1696)
slackapi/node-slack-sdk: docs/_packages/rtm_api.md

---

### Custom WebClient

> In some cases, you might want flexibility with the WebClient construction beyond the provided RTMClient options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, you might want to customize the underlying component making HTTP requests to the Slack API, the [`WebClient`](reference/web-api#webclient), beyond the provided [`RTMClientOptions`](reference/rtm-api#rtmclientoptions). Note that overriding the [`WebClient`](reference/web-api#webclient) instance takes precedence over any other [`RTMClientOptions`](reference/rtm-api#rtmclientoptions) specified.
```

```javascript
const { RTMClient } = require('@slack/rtm-api');
const { WebClient, WebClientOptions } = require('@slack/web-api');
const token = process.env.SLACK_BOT_TOKEN;

// Configure the client to have custom headers
const options = {
  headers: {
     'Cookie': 'myCookie=cookieValue;'
  }
} as WebClientOptions;

const webClient = new WebClient(token, options);

// Initialize a client using the configuration

> const rtm = new RTMClient(token, {webClient});

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const rtm = new RTMClient(token, { webClient });
```
